There's so many things we can do with a list or lists in general, we can't invoke certain methods on
them.
So we looked at this remove that, so we passing in the index zero.
It's going to be removing item index zero.
So the other thing we can do is we can say immutable or mutable list, either at least would work.
And I can say, for instance, let's go out here and actually print.
I might say something like number of elements.
It's going to be equal to my mutable list.
No list in this case doesn't matter which really.
And I'm going to say size.
OK.
This is the size of this mutable list at this point.
You run, you can see number of elements is 434, and that is not correct.
That's because I have to say print.
So we can break the line should be four.
There we go.
The number of elements is indeed four because we have one two three four.
Let's say we want to get we've seen this before.
Let's see.
Say we want to get first or second or the fourth element.
First of all, let's get rid of this.
So we don't add.
Now, if I run this, this result is going to change.
Why?
Because we've removed that one item, right?
And earlier we were adding something which this would have made this to have about five elements.
And so we removed one that then becomes four.
But since we're not adding anything less, we're moving from the original list.
Then, of course, we're going to have three.
All right.
So let's see what else I want to do.
Let's say I want to get the second element.
What do we do?
Well, when a copy that.
I'm going to say it's a second element.
What we do is, we say mutable and we can easily get method.
Here you can see right away Awaits says get.
We need to pass an index, which is type int.
Right?
So what is the index for the second element?
Well, we know the first index is going to be zero.
So the second element is going to be at one index one.
So let's say one like this and we should get one.
Second element in this case, let's say print out and it's forty.
Is that true, right?
It is true because remember, we will remove this first element.
Right.
So now we're going to have zero one.
If I remove that, we should have 30 for second element is indeed 34.
As you can see here, we have a little complaint that says Replace, get call with indexing operator.
What is this?
Well, let's see.
So if I right click there and say, show when I click the replace call with index operator like that.
This also works.
So there are two ways to get values using indices.
It seems like Kotlin in this case in our Android Studio, it likes this way, which is to add the square
brackets and say and put in the index number.
Either way, works.
Now, let's say we want to get the index of element, let's say Element two.
How do we do that?
Well, we can do something like this.
You can say something like index of element.
And I can break the line to say I want to say to, for instance, scape that is that break.
What we're doing here is that we're breaking to say that we wanted this to to be inside of parentheses
when it's printed.
But because we're inside of string as we do this and we are concatenating or we interpolating, if we
were to add to just the double quotes, just normally that wouldn't work.
So we have to say backslash to break, to say that whatever it's inside here, these quotes will have
to actually appear inside as quotes.
So that index of Element two in this case, zero one, two, four or five, we can just go ahead and
say mutable size.
There's a method we can call or function.
Say diet.
We can say index of past element element in this case is going to be forty five, so we're going to
get the actual index, etc. Let's run this.
And so it says here, index of Element two is to sort of zero one two.
Actually, that's element forty five, not to my bed.
And there we go.
And there you have it.
So go ahead and explore more if you would like to.
And the way I like to do this, if you just start typing my list and so that you can see there is a
lot of methods that we can actually go and start to explore.
For instance, there is the add we've seen before.
We can add something to a specific index.
We can remove that.
We can also access by passing index and then get the element on that index.
We can use a replace in so many other.
So go ahead and play around with these concepts and see other methods you can call on your list.